# JungleGemBlastJewelGame- Privacy Policy and Terms

Jungle Gem Blast Jewel Game

Privacy Policy

OCT 2022

1. GENERAL
Weblity.com, and its affiliates Mobile apps(“Jungle Gem Blast Jewel Game” or ”We”) respect your privacy and endeavor to safeguard your privacy (“ You”) when using Weblity or other Mobile Apps & services. This document (“Privacy Policy”) provides You information on our privacy practices and how We process Your data, including personal information, and how We protect such data.
Personal information refers to information which allows You to be specifically identified as individual person. Weblity may also collect “non-personal information” meaning it can’t be used to specifically identify any persons. Non-personal information may also be the result of removing personally identifiable parts from the information.
This Privacy Policy applies to the use of the Weblity.com, which consists of a downloadable application and other related connection services enabling You to access data (“Jungle Gem Blast Jewel Game & Mobile Apps”). Before registering as a new user, you should read and accept our Privacy Policy and Terms & Condition..
If you signed up before 10 Oct 2022, by using Weblity.com & Mobile Apps, You express your agreement to this Privacy Policy and the processing of your personal information in the manner provided in this Privacy Policy.
If you signed up for the first time after 10 Oct 2022, by explicitly opting in to our Privacy Policy upon the sign up, you agree to the terms in this Privacy Policy.
If You do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not use Weblity.com, PictureAI, TranslateMe
2. COLLECTING AND USING PERSONAL INFORMATION
We will only collect personal information to the extent necessary for providing our services and to enable You to use Weblity & Mobile Apps. Personal information may be collected and used for the purposes of creating user accounts, user profiles, using, maintaining and developing Weblity & Mobile Apps, contacting users, providing services and products, sending customer information and marketing communications (as outlined below and as applicable under the applicable laws) to users, enabling use ofWeblity.com & Mobile Apps and communication in Weblity & Mobile Apps and between users, conducting research and creating reports for internal use.
Weblity & Mobile Apps will pursue to take appropriate measures to prevent unauthorized access to personal information, any inappropriate use thereof and any possible inaccuracies. All personnel processing personal information are obliged to keep such information strictly confidential. We may store information on servers and equipment in other countries (as outlined below). By using Weblity & Mobile Apps You always disclose information to Weblity & Mobile Apps. Your information will be kept private unless You choose to disclose the information to other users (in connection with Your interacting with other users, as outlined below). To enable You to interact with other users, Weblity & Mobile Apps may at times offer You the ability to post content in connection with Your use of Weblity & Mobile Apps (including chat or other forums).
By interacting with others, You may choose to disclose information to other users, and any such information is considered public information, and there is no expectation of privacy. Weblity.com & Mobile Apps is not responsible for any personal (or other) information You choose to make public in Weblity.com & Mobile Apps.
We will automatically delete all personal information of users that have not used a valid subscription during the past 24 months.
3. COLLECTED PERSONAL INFORMATION AND SOURCES AND ACCURACY OF INFORMATION
The type of information We collect and store will vary depending on Your use of Weblity.com & Mobile Apps and Your activity. We may collect the following personal information when You sign up for Weblity.com & Mobile Apps, or later in connection with Your use of Weblity.com & Mobile Apps:
- Username
- Email or mail address
- Your profile picture, name, age/birthday, gender
- Third-party service ID
- IP (Internet Protocol) address
- Mobile device unique ID (IMEI), hardware type and operating system version
- Chatter profile
- Company name
Weblity.com & Mobile Apps may be able to access Your user account(s) in third-party services (including associated data and other material) to allow You to interact with such third-party services using Weblity.com & Mobile Apps. Weblity.com & Mobile Apps may be able to connect to Your user account(s) in third-party services to interact with such third-party services to allow You to use Your data and other material and, consequently Weblity.com & Mobile Apps may be able to input and/or obtain certain information to or from Your user account(s) in third-party services when such third-party services permit such interaction.
IP-addresses, operating system, access and usage times and activity logs, browser type and language and referring website addresses might be collected automatically also when You use Weblity.com & Mobile Apps. Weblity.com & Mobile Apps may use this information to monitor and analyze the use of the services, contact You about Your experience with Weblity.com & Mobile Apps sites and notify You about company news and promotions. Weblity.com & Mobile Apps collects data about all of Your interactions with Weblity.com & Mobile Apps and with the other users inside Weblity.com & Mobile Apps (including chat) via server log files and other activities in Weblity.com & Mobile Apps and within Weblity.com & Mobile Apps related services.
We will, at our own initiative or upon Your request, complement, correct or delete personal information.
4. DISCLOSING AND TRANSFERRING YOUR INFORMATION
Weblity.com & Mobile Apps will not disclose Your personal information stored in the register to third parties for direct marketing, market research, polls or public registers without Your consent. However, the information or profiles might be used for targeted in-service marketing (including serving ads to users) and other similar purposes. Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, personal information may be disclosed to third parties if required under any applicable law or regulation or order by competent authorities, or to enforce the Terms of Service of Weblity.com & Mobile Apps and to investigate possible infringing use of Weblity.com & Mobile Apps as well as to guarantee safety of Weblity.com & Mobile Apps. We may share Your information in connection with any merger, sale of our assets, or a financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business. We may engage other entities and individuals to perform services on our behalf. e.g. for analyzing data and in connection with the performance of services these service providers may have access to your personal information. We reserve the right to use anonymized data for the purposes outlined in the Terms of Service, including to enhance Weblity.com & Mobile Apps. Anonymized data means that data is made anonymous (e.g. aggregated data from statistical analyses of users’ aggregate behavior) and cannot be used to identify individual users. Such aggregate or anonymous information about You may be shared with advertisers, publishers, business partners, sponsors, and other third parties. If You give your consent to share your information with third parties for their own marketing purposes, such marketing is governed by their separate privacy policies. We use external service providers to provide technical solutions for processing stored information and access the stored information by using a technical interface. If you have a subscription with us, Your personal data is stored in Heroku, Intercom, Salesforce and Chargify. We host the service in and may transfer information for this purpose to and from countries outside the European Union (EU) or the European Economic Area (EEA). Please note that We may transfer Your information, including personal information, to countries (including the United States) and jurisdictions that do not have the same data protection laws as in the EU/EEA. We will always transfer personal information about You in accordance with the mandatory legislation (e.g. EU’s General Data Protection Regulation) and this Privacy Policy. Our service providers and other partners in the United States comply with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention when We transfer personal information to such service providers and partners.
5. OUR POLICY REGARDING CHILDREN
We are a general audience service directed to and intended for users 13 years of age and over, and We will not knowingly collect personal information from anyone under the age of 13. If You are under 13, please do not attempt to use Weblity.com & Mobile Apps or send any information about yourself to us, including Your name, address, telephone number, or email address. If We learn that We have collected personal information from a child under age 13, We will take all reasonable efforts to delete that information as quickly as possible. If You believe that We might have any information from or about a child under the age of 13, please contact us at weblity.tech@gmail.com
6. PROTECTING PERSONAL INFORMATION (DATA SECURITY)
The register will be maintained in external service providers’ servers with appropriate safeguards, such as password protection, granting the access to the stored information only to Weblity.com & Mobile Apps. The register is protected by appropriate industry standard, technical and organisational safety measures. The information base will be accessible only to those persons expressly authorized by Weblity.com & Mobile Apps. Although We make good faith efforts to store the information collected on the services in a secure operating environment that is not available to the public and use only reliable partners (such as Salesforce, Microsoft, Intercom and Amazon), We cannot guarantee the absolute security of that information during its transmission or its storage on our systems. We do not represent or warrant that Your personal information will be protected against, loss, misuse, or alteration by third parties.
7. COOKIES AND THIRD-PARTY SERVICES
A cookie is a string of information or a small text file that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Weblity.com & Mobile Apps uses cookies to help it identify and track visitors, their usage of Weblity.com & Mobile Apps and website, and their website access preferences, improving quality, tailoring recommendations, and developing Weblity.com & Mobile Apps related services. Users who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Weblity.com & Mobile Apps and/or website, with the drawback that certain features of the website may not function properly without the aid of cookies. The cookies will not enable Weblity.com & Mobile Apps to access and review information stored on a user’s computer. Weblity.com & Mobile Apps may contain third-party tracking tools from our service providers, examples of which include Google Analytics and Mixpanel. Such third-party services are governed by separate privacy policies and this Privacy Policy does not apply to such third-party information collection. Third party service providers may use cookies, APIs, and SDKs in Weblity.com & Mobile Apps to enable them to collect and analyze user information on our behalf. Our service providers may have access to, for example, the following information: - your device identifier - MAC address - IMEI - locale - geo-location information - IP address There may also be other third party services available for Your use in Weblity.com & Mobile Apps. All such third party services is governed by separate privacy policies (and Terms and Conditions) and this Privacy Policy does not apply and Weblity.com & Mobile Apps will not be responsible for such third party information collection.
8. ACCESS TO AND CONTROL OVER PERSONAL INFORMATION
You are entitled to review and request the deletion of any information collected on You and stored in the register, if any. Should You wish to exercise the above right t, You should send an email request thereof to Weblity.com & Mobile Apps using the contact details below. Users may opt-out of receiving promotional emails by following the instructions in those emails. If You opt-out, Weblity.com & Mobile Apps may still send You non-promotional customer information, such as emails about Your account or ZKB’s ongoing business relations.
9. CHANGES TO PRIVACY POLICY
Weblity.com & Mobile Apps may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. All changes hereto will be made available on the Weblity.com & Mobile Apps website. The changes will be effective when made available and Your continued use of Weblity.com & Mobile Apps indicates your consent to the changed Privacy Policy posted at the time of use. Changes hereto will not substantially prejudice Your rights without Your consent.
10. Contact Information
43 B boulevard de creteil 94100 , saint maur des fosses, Email : weblityapps@gamil.com
